README.md, before:

# Vite React Template ⚡️

This Vite template provides a streamlined and professional starting point for web development projects. It includes pre-configured essential tools, a testing setup, and uniform conventional commits to help you maintain a consistent commit history. Get started quickly and easily with this template and focus on building great products.

## What's inside? 📦

- [React 18](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Speedy Web Compiler (SWC)](https://swc.rs/)
- [Rome](https://rome.tools/)
- [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)
- [Vitest](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#testing)
- [Vitest UI](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/plugin-test-ui)
- [MSW](https://mswjs.io/)
- [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/)
- [Lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged)
- [Commit lint](https://commitlint.js.org/)

## Getting Started 🧑🏻‍💻

1. Click the `Use this template` button to create a new repository based on this template.
2. Clone the newly created repository to your local machine.
3. Install dependencies by running `npm install`.
4. Start the development server by running `npm run dev`.
5. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173`.
6. Start building your awesome project!

## Usage ⚙️

### Test

1. To run the test file, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test
```

![Tests](/src/assets/docs/test.png)

<br/>

2. To run the interactive testing UI, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test:ui
```

![Testing UI](/src/assets/docs/testing-ui.png)

<br/>

3. To run the coverage report, use the following command:

```bash
npm run coverage
```

![Coverage](/src/assets/docs/coverage.png)

<br/>

### Commit

To run an interactive commit based on the conventional commit standard, use the following command:

```bash
npm run commit
```

![Conventional Commit](/src/assets/docs/commit.png)

Commit message:

docs(readme.md): update readme for the rome configuration

README.md, after:

# Vite React Template 🔱
Get started on your web development projects with this Vite template, which comes pre-configured with modern linting and formatting tools powered by Rome. You'll also find a suite of pre-configured tools for automated testing, streamlined development, and Git workflows. Get started quickly and easily with this template and focus on building great products.

> **✨** Looking out for template with Eslint and Prettier configuration instead? [Vite Template](https://github.com/naqibhishamuddin/vite-template)

## What's inside? 📦

- [React 18](https://reactjs.org/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [Speedy Web Compiler (SWC)](https://swc.rs/)
- [Rome](https://rome.tools/)
- [React Testing Library](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/)
- [Vitest](https://vitejs.dev/guide/features.html#testing)
- [Vitest UI](https://github.com/vitejs/vite/tree/main/packages/plugin-test-ui)
- [MSW](https://mswjs.io/)
- [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/)
- [Lint-staged](https://github.com/okonet/lint-staged)
- [Commit lint](https://commitlint.js.org/)

## Getting Started 🧑🏻‍💻

1. Click the `Use this template` button to create a new repository based on this template.
2. Clone the newly created repository to your local machine.
3. Install dependencies by running `npm install`.
4. Start the development server by running `npm run dev`.
5. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173`.
6. Start building your awesome project!

## Usage ⚙️

### Test

1. To run the test file, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test
```

![Tests](/src/assets/docs/test.png)

<br/>

2. To run the interactive testing UI, use the following command:

```bash
npm run test:ui
```

![Testing UI](/src/assets/docs/testing-ui.png)

<br/>

3. To run the coverage report, use the following command:

```bash
npm run coverage
```

![Coverage](/src/assets/docs/coverage.png)

<br/>

### Commit

To run an interactive commit based on the conventional commit standard, use the following command:

```bash
npm run commit
```

![Conventional Commit](/src/assets/docs/commit.png)
